:start
You come home after a hard day. This is a day you've been looking forward to for a week. 
Everyone is away for the entire afternoon and you have the house to yourself. You left work 
early with plans to hurry home, change into comfortable clothes and settle in with a book 
and a glass of something stronger than your usual tea.

As you walk up the few steps leading to your front door, you hear a rustling sound from 
the side of the house. Your quiet afternoon is calling to you, but you wonder what the 
sound could be.

?What do you do?
!investigate_the_side_yard Investigate.
!go_in_the_front_door Go inside.


:investigate_the_side_yard
Frustrated with yourself for not being able to leave it alone, you back down the steps 
to the front walk. You hear the rustling sound again. Maybe it's the neighbor's dog, 
you speculate, but you are compelled to investigate. You walk around to the side yard. 
Once there you don't find the neighbor's dog, but instead a large orange gorilla sitting in 
one of you lawn chairs.

"Hello," says the gorilla. "I'm Betty. Could I trouble you for a glass of water?"

You are more shocked by the presence of the gorilla - did she say "Betty?" - than by the 
fact that she can talk. But somehow you find a way to pull yourself together.

"Umm...sure," you hear yourself say. "Why don't we go around to the back deck?

You hurriedly lead Betty around to the back of the house and up the steps to the back deck. 
For some reason you find yourself more concerned about the neighbors seeing the two of 
you and the things they might say than you feel about Betty.

Once on the deck you ask Betty to wait a moment while you unlock the back door and head 
in the kitchen for a glass of water. Your hands are shaking a little, but you manage to 
keep from spilling any as you walk back out on the deck.

?What do you do?
!give_the_drink Give Betty the drink

:go_in_the_front_door
It's probably just the neighbor's dog, you think. Usually you find the dog to be a nuisance 
and on a normal day you would go shoo it away, but not today, your slippers and that 
Raymond Chandler novel are waiting just on the other side of the door and you won't let 
yourself be distracted.

You unlock your door and run straight for the bedroom. You change your clothes, find the 
copy of Lady in the Lake you've been eager to read and walk into the kitchen to pour 
yourself that drink.

Finally - drink in one hand and book in the other - you take a step toward the living 
room and the comfy sofa waiting for you. Wait a minute, you think, it's a beautiful day. 
Why not read on the deck? So you turn around and head for the back door.

You fumble a little with the door knob as you try to balance the book and drink, so that 
your head is bowed focused on your hands as you go through the open door and you don't 
look up until you've walked a few steps onto the deck. When you do, you see a large orange 
gorilla standing on the deck. "Hi, I'm Betty," the gorilla says, "mind if I have a sip 
of that drink?"

You drop the book.

?What do you do?
!give_the_drink Give Betty the drink


:give_the_drink
"Umm...so...yeah, here you go," you say as you hand the glass over.

"Thank you very much," Betty says, taking a sip. "Ah, very refreshing".

You don't know what to do, so you fall back on the many lessons you mother gave you on 
how to treat a guest. "Won't you have a seat? Betty is it?"

"Again, I thank you," Betty says and she sits on a deck chair. It noticeably bends under 
her weight.

...

